I think I did good I definitely think
I'm shaking a little bit of the rust off
but I think overall you know I played
actually a really good player it wasn't
a really it wasn't easy first round at
all and she's had some great wins so I
can definitely see why so I definitely
have tons of room for improvement and I
look forward to doing that everywhere I
go is going to be really special for me
and for the fans and that's what I
wanted to be like you know it's just
going to be a forum where I'm really
excited to play there and it's one of
the reasons the one to come to Brisbane
because it was like I've never been here
and I really you know I felt like I had
fans here to what I've never played here
and really cool well it's not that I
phone out of lab actually never liked
sports and I never understood how it
became an athlete and I don't like
working out i don't like anything else
to do with with working physically so
now if it involves sitting down or
stopping I'm excellent at that I'm like
you know so that's kind of always on my
Achilles heels like you know the workout
Porsche like how does it how do we do
that so that's my main problem oh really
yeah that's awesome man that's mage cool
I don't I mean I've always even lindo he
had those I'm actually having an 80s
party so maybe like someone can dress up
as him like oh my god I'll totally ask
him to one of his outfit every major
like he had those oh my gosh that's like
the best idea like with the racket and
everything oh man that is so cool yeah
yeah oh man that's good someone has to
come is eve online yeah I don't I think
I'm a bad parent you know I can't blame
them you have to you know when a kid is
bad you always have to look at the
parent it's not necessarily the kid so
now I'm looking at the man in the mirror
and I'm thinking that I felt somewhere
along the line because it doesn't make
sense that they're still not potty
trained and it's there about six and the
other one is ancient is it's like she's
not ancient she's what is the word I use
vintage yeah it's my fault so I take the
blame thank you